Minor editing of framework components for readability (#410)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/framework-components.md

</html>
```

>💡 _Remember: all imports must live at the **top** of your Astro component script!_

By default, your framework components will render as static HTML. This is useful for templating components that are not interactive and avoids sending any unnecessary JavaScript to the client.

## Hydrating Interactive Components

> A framework component can be made interactive (hydrated) using a `client:*` directive. This is a component attribute to define how your component should be **rendered** and **hydrated**.

Reviewer: Nit? This might help underline `client:*` itself is not a valid client directive.

```suggestion
A framework component can be made interactive (hydrated) using one of the `client:*` directives. This is a component attribute to define how your component should be **rendered** and **hydrated**.
```

Reviewer: (otherwise this all looks great!)

> 

Reviewer 2: This is not part of the commit but I guess still a typo.
serveral -> several

## Mixing Frameworks

You can import and render components from multiple frameworks in the same Astro component.

> >⚠️ *Only **Astro** components (`.astro`)can contain components from multiple frameworks.*

Author: ```suggestion
>⚠️ *Only **Astro** components (`.astro`) can contain components from multiple frameworks.*
```
